docs/library/axi_ad408x: Registers update (#1678)
analogdevicesinc/hdl: docs/library/axi_ad408x/index.rst

     - Register
     - BIT
     - Description
   * - SYNC *
     - 0x44 (ADC Common)
     - 3
     - This bit enables capture synchronization. When activated, it initiates
       an HDL process that aligns the sample's most significant bit (MSB) based
       solely on the captured data, without considering the AD4080's CNV signal.
       This bit is self-clearing and should be toggled whenever synchronization
       is needed (e.g., at boot or after updating the sampling rate).
   * - NUM_LANES *
     - 0x44 (ADC Common)
     - [12:8]
     - This field specifies the number of data lanes utilized for data transfer,
       which can be either 1 or 2.
   * - FILTER_ENABLE
     - 0x4C (ADC Common)
     - 0
     - Setting this bit configures the sample capture to occur at each falling
       edge of the Filter Result Ready pin of the AD4080, as opposed to
       continuous mode when the digital filter feature is disabled.
   * - SYNC_STATUS *
     - 0x68 (ADC Common)
     - 0
     - This bit indicates whether the sample's MSB alignment has been correctly
       performed and the capture is synchronized. If successful, this bit will
       be set to 1.

.. note::

>   \* The register already exist in ADC Common. This is just a detailed explanation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \* These registers already exist in ADC Common. This is just a detailed explanation.
```

> Software Suppport

Reviewer 2: Eventually you could remove the excess 'p'.

```suggestion
Software Support
